The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
Honey does not spoil.
The atomic weight of Germanium is seven two point six four.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Rats cannot throw up.
Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes.
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
The Tariff Act of 1789, established to protect domestic manufacture, was the second statute ever enacted by the United States government.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
The Mexican-American War ended in 1848 with the signing of the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo.
In 1879, Sandford Fleming first proposed the adoption of worldwide standardized time zones at the Royal Canadian Institute.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
At the end of The Seagull by Anton Chekhov, Konstantin kills himself.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
Polymerase I polypeptide A is a human gene.
The situation you are in is very dangerous.
Dental floss has superb tensile strength.
Raseph, the Semitic god of war and plague, had a gazelle growing out of his forehead.
Human tapeworms can grow up to twenty-two point nine meters.
Volcano-ologists are experts in the study of volcanoes.
If you have trouble with simple counting, use the following mnemonic device: one comes before two comes before 60 comes after 12 comes before six trillion comes after 504. This will make your earlier counting difficulties seem like no big deal.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general.
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
Nothing does not rhyme with orange.
Saying "fact" before a statement does not make it a fact.
There's a company that turns dead bodies into an ocean reef.
There is an annual Coffee Break Festival.
Dolphins sleep with one eye open.
Vacuum cleaners were originally horse-drawn.
The largest padlock in the world weighs 916 pounds.
Pandas poop most of what they eat.
McDonald's introduced drive-through service due to the military.
Alfred Hitchcock was frightened of eggs.
Pigs don't sweat.
The fuller the fridge, the more energy-efficient it is.
For 20 years, a cat served as mayor of an Alaskan town.
Squirrels are behind most power outages in the U.S.
One quarter of all your bones are located in your feet.
Four quarters of all your bones are located in your body.
Blood donors in Sweden receive a text when their blood is used.
The inventor of the Pringles can is now buried in one.
Sunglasses were originally designed for Chinese judges to hide their facial expressions in court.
Cotton candy was invented by a dentist.
Children of identical twins are genetically siblings, not cousins.
The Goodyear Blimp is the official bird of Redondo Beach, California.
It would only take one hour to drive to space.
A cornflake in the shape of Illinois sold on eBay for $1,350.
The amount of copper on the Arizona capitol building roof is equivalent to nearly 5 million pennies.
The Queen owns all the swans in England.
A fortune cookie company once foretold the lottery, resulting in 110 winners.
A meteor exploded over Earth with the force of 10 atomic bombs and everyone missed it.
The electric chair was invented by a dentist.
Even the man who created Comic Sans has only used it once.
Almost 163,000 pints of Guinness are wasted in facial hair each year.
Grooves in the road on Route 66 play "America the Beautiful."
Bubble wrap was originally intended to be wallpaper.
Ohio DUI offenders must use yellow license plates.
3 Musketeers bars got their name because they used to come with three flavors.
Before toilet paper was invented, Americans used to use corn cobs.
Strawberries, raspberries, and blackberries aren’t berries.
Researchers once turned a live cat into a telephone.
There’s only one Shell gas station shaped like a shell.
The last letter added to the alphabet was “J”.
Donkey Kong got his name because his creator believed “donkey” meant “stupid” in English and wanted to convey the impression that the character was a “Stupid Ape.”
People can have a psychological disorder called Boanthropy that makes them believe that they are a cow. They try to live their life as a cow.
A duel between three people is actually called a truel.
The process by which bread toasts is called the “Maillard Reaction.”
Admiral Ackbar from Star Wars Episode VI: Return of the Jedi was not a man in a suit; it was actually a giant puppet.
Sonic the Hedgehog’s full name is actually Ogilvie Maurice Hedgehog.
Even though Froot Loops are different colors, they all have exactly the same flavor.
Cards Against Humanity bought an island in Maine to preserve wildlife. It is called Hawaii 2.
In 1862, the King of Siam offered Abraham Lincoln many elephants on the grounds that a “Country as great as the United States should not be without elephants.” Lincoln politely declined.
The dark region on the north pole of Pluto’s moon, Charon, is called Mordor.
Tigers have striped skin, not just striped fur. The stripes are like fingerprints, and no two tigers have the same pattern.
Ketchup originated in China as a boiled-down brine of pickled fish and spices called “ke-chiap.”
In Morse Code -.- means k.
Two PlayStation 1 games, FIFA 2001 and Gran Turismo 2, have scratch & sniff discs. The FIFA 2001 smelled like a soccer field, while Gran Turismo 2 smelled like car tires.
Boeing uses potatoes to test their in-flight Wi-Fi, as they reflect and absorb the signals similarly to people. The project is called Synthetic Personnel Using Dialectic Substitution- or SPUDS.
If you sneeze while traveling at 60 mph, your eyes are closed for an average of 50 feet.
Baked beans are actually not baked but stewed.
“lbs” comes from the Latin word “libra,” which means “pound.”
The term “brah” is Hawaiian pidgin, short for brahdah (brother), and was popularized by surf culture.
All dogs are banned from Antarctica since April 1994. This ban was made because of the concern that dogs might spread diseases to seals.
Tyromancy is the practice of predicting the future with cheese.
Iguanas have three eyes. Two normal eyes and a third eye on top of their head that only perceives brightness.
The scientific term for brain freeze is “sphenopalatine ganglioneuralgia”.
The only letter that doesn’t appear on the periodic table is J.
A single strand of Spaghetti is called a “Spaghetto”.
There is a company in Japan that has schools that teach you how to be funny. The first one opened in 1982. About 1,000 students take the course each year. You should apply.
The Bagheera kiplingi spider was discovered in the 1800s and is the only species of spider that has been classified as vegetarian.
The human eye is so sensitive that, if the Earth were flat and it was a dark night, a candle’s flame could be seen from 30 miles away.
There is a punctuation mark used to signify irony or sarcasm that looks like a backwards question mark ⸮