The ş̴̤̤̀͊̇q̴̮̬̉͆̊ṳ̸͇̻̌̆ȃ̵̠́r̵̡̺̯̈̇̚e̶̩̟̥̽̍̌ root of rope is string.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are ș̶͋͊͒ŏ̴͇͚́̆r̸̘̀c̴̢͚̾͘ẽ̶̦̃̂ŗ̴̰͕͑y̶̹̎̈́̋.
At some point in their lives 1 in 6 c̷͈̠̑͝ḧ̷̻͎̳́̌i̴̘̻͒̀l̸̺͔͔̽d̶̹́r̶̢̥̰̿̚e̴̡̨͋ṉ̴̺̊ will be abducted by the Dutch.
To make a photocopier, s̶̨̗̰͘i̶̮͒m̷͇͕̪̈́̃p̸̠̺̎l̶̛̫͈̟y̵̱̋ photocopy a mirror.
Whales are t̸̜̹̖̊͐͝w̴̡̿̕ì̶̗̺̇̕ċ̷̞̯̅ẻ̷̖͚͚̓ as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
Pants were invented by sailors in the ṣ̶̍i̵̧̮̫͂x̵͉̝̃̄t̷̫̪̅e̴̡͌è̸̦͔̭̅n̶̢̩̖̎t̵̖̩͝h̴̰̭͓͋̊̌ century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was b̵̯̠͌͘ẻ̵͚͇̞͑̈́l̴͎͗̈́̑i̸͛̅ͅḙ̸̞̈́̓̓v̸̰̤̽̀̂ĕ̷̩̄d̵̠̝͋͘ that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
In Greek myth, the craftsman Daedalus invented human flight so a group of M̶̨̗͖̈́i̴͖̔̀n̸̮̹̳͝ȏ̶̧̠̠͠ṫ̴̝a̶̓ͅŭ̵̡̞̓̀ŕ̷͙̈́͠s̷̩͐́̾ would stop teasing him about it.
The average life ẽ̴̻̮x̸̠̗̟͌̐p̷̩̼͝e̸̫̍͋̎ç̷̮̝̀̊̓t̷̖̦͉̎̏ȁ̴͈̗̜̇̕ñ̸̨͊̐c̶̨̛͋͛y̷̹̠̼̚ of a rhinoceros in captivity is 15 years.
China p̷̜̞̀͜r̵̝̓o̴͔̩̾d̵̠͚̄ũ̷̗ç̵̔ę̷̯̿͗̚ͅŝ̴̨̆ͅ the world's second-largest crop of soybeans.
In 1948, at the request of a dying boy, baseball legend Babe Ruth ate seventy-f̴͖̱̮͠ī̵̢̛̙v̷̧͚̀ͅe̴̦͇̪͆̊ hot dogs, then died of hot dog poisoning.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were m̷̡̖̑a̸̧̓s̴̼̒̋̿t̷̗̅e̴̜̪͉̅̓̕r̴̜̭͍͛m̷̲͍̅i̶̤̊̐n̶̮̅͝d̴̜̮͑͠ḛ̷̢̇̓̒d̷̖̿̿͘ in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used an Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
It is incorrectly noted that T̶̬́h̴͈̎̔̔o̷̪̟̓͐m̶͍̞̞̎a̴̹̬͇̚s̴̟̠̒͋ Edison invented 'push-ups' in 1878. Nikolai Tesla had in fact patented the activity three years earlier, under the name 'Tesla-cize'.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, s̵̺̻̙͂o̸͎͋̑m̸̙̆͆̌e̷̤͔͎̿͗͝ö̶͖̖̀n̵̩̖͛e̴͍̝̔̐ had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
The most p̸̖͛͗͝ơ̴͓̣i̶͓̼͖͠s̶̨̖̰̐͛̒ő̷̡͙͚̄n̵̛̩̚ǒ̸̘͖̅̍ų̵̭̘̓s̴̻̋͑͠ fish in the world is the orange roughy. Everything but its eyes are m̵͕̃̓̒à̶̧̛̫̀d̶̦͕͕̅ě̶̢̮̗ of a deadly poison. The roughy's eyes are composed of a less harmful, deadly poison.
The occupation of court jester was invented accidentally when a vassal's e̶̻̱̽p̸͈̦̔̍͠i̸̳͕͉̊͠ľ̵̘́͂e̴͇̠̊͆ṕ̷̬̩̣͑͝s̷̭͕̫̚y̶̲̝̪͆̃ was mistaken for capering.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the a̴͆̊͝ͅi̷̺͉͗ṟ̴͎̟̔̃͝p̴̨̂͐͝l̸̞̤̄̉͝ͅa̶̗̱̾͝n̴̗̒̚͠e̵͉̊̆̆, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
Before the ḯ̷̡̩͝n̴̥̪̽̿v̵͇̬̬͑̿ȩ̶̖͔͂n̶̗̹̑͒t̴̳̖̉i̸̩̞̰͒̇͘o̴̪̙̯͑͗̕n̵̥̄ of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either w̶̡͌͘h̴͇̆̆̚ȏ̴̢̨̃̀l̶̹͕̈́e̶͕͙̠̔ eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
During the G̵͕̀̂̇ͅr̴̦̪̜̆e̵͈͉̖̍̇͠ā̴̏͜t̶͗͜ Depression, the Tennessee Valley Authority outlawed pet ṛ̶̛ͅa̶̛̫͖͇͐͝b̶̘͙͘b̴̤̝͛͐̕i̸̟̻͑̉̈͜t̶͈̣̊̊́s̷̪͂̈́, forcing many to hot glue-gun long ears onto their pet mice.
Dreams are the subconscious mind's way of r̸̛̳̓͂ͅẽ̷̳m̸̢̖͇̀̍̽i̴̭̾͠ǹ̷͕̳d̸̠͓͌͛ȉ̵͉͉̺̒̀ǹ̶̳ǵ̶̯ people to go to school naked and have their t̵̡̓ͅe̶̥͊ě̵̙̐t̵̘͒̓ḫ̷̢̔̎ fall out.
Space does ň̸͎̎o̸̧̪͊̀͘t̸͓͚̄̀͘ exist.
The Fact Sphere is ã̵̰̣̈́͒ḷ̶͕͖̓͠w̸͉͆̓͜͝a̵̡̅͋͝ỷ̴̺̿š̶͖̱͔͌͐ right.
You will never go i̴̞͎̇̆ǹ̵̪͝t̶̙̣̊̋͠o̴̪̪̓ͅ space.
While the s̵̡͇̉ũ̴̞͂b̸̼̑͐m̴̧̡̻̿͆͝ạ̵͒̚r̵̩͋ì̸̭̊ñ̸̟̬̅̐ë̶̹̲͘ is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people s̵̫̖̄̈́t̶̰̔ì̶̭͚͇̽̈́l̵̲͋l̸̤̻͐̌̂ use boats for aquatic transportation.
The Fact Sphere is the most í̸̗̽ṋ̵̦̗̍̈́ẗ̷̠͓̬́̌̾ḛ̸̡̢̽ḷ̶͎̼͂̍͆l̶͔͔̂̄͜ĭ̴͖g̸̹̯̑ȩ̴̱͍̈́ņ̷̲͉̈́̃̉ẗ̸̺͖́̾̃͜ sphere.
The Fact S̵̩̼͙͐̒͠p̵̺̃́h̵̘͔͒̌̚ͅĕ̸̺̦̊̾r̶̩̳̓ē̵̡ is the most handsome sphere.
The Fact Sphere is i̸̪̝͂̔̀n̸̛̘c̷̣͎̈́̈ͅr̸͕̪̼̓͋ḛ̸̓̈́d̵̫̀͝i̵͖͖͐͝b̵̢̺̈́͋͘l̸̟̕ÿ̷̻̳͊ handsome.
You could s̷̙͓͌t̵͖͔̫̒̑͘å̸͔̦n̴̼͊d̴̩̈́́ to lose a few pounds.
This situation is h̸͍͌͂o̶̼͎̔̆p̸̻͑̾̄ĕ̷͕͌͌l̴̤͂̐ē̶̦͝s̵͔̥̓̓̔s̶̩̞̈́̕.
The Fact S̷̹͎̣̓̒̈́p̴̯̊͑̓h̷̪̭̝̅̕e̴̙̓̿̈́r̵͙͈̖̂e̵̦͓̔ is a good person, whose insights are relevant.
The Fact S̷̹͎̣̓̒̈́p̴̯̊͑̓h̷̪̭̝̅̕e̴̙̓̿̈́r̵͙͈̖̂e̵̦͓̔ is a good sphere, with many friends.
According to most advanced ȃ̸̢̮̃̈͜l̵̨̘͆̈ͅģ̸̖͖͋̀͝o̶͙͊͘ȓ̵͉̟ỉ̵̜̼͓ṯ̶̈ͅh̶̙͒m̴͎̦̭͊͝ŝ̶̡̙̚, the world's best name is Craig.
The average adult body contains h̴̠̬̪͗́á̷̢̢̛̲͝l̷̡̟̏f̶̨̥͝ a pound of salt.
The Fact Sphere is n̶̫̋̈́̿o̸̺̟͐̚t̶̢͈͎̿ defective. Its facts are wholly accurate and very interesting.
You w̵̘͋̔̕ḭ̴̻͘l̶̬͚̔̎l̵̰̙͉̈͆͛ be dead soon.
Twelve. Twelve. T̸͊͐͑͜ẁ̸͚̹̤̏ẹ̶̝̜̀͆͝l̷̰̪̤̈́̊v̷̖̏e̷͙̅̕. Twelve. Twelve. T̸͊͐͑͜ẁ̸͚̹̤̏ẹ̶̝̜̀͆͝l̷̰̪̤̈́̊v̷̖̏e̷͙̅̕. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve.
Pens. Pens. P̴̮̊̂̄ȅ̵̦͠n̵̥̙͚̔̀ś̴̫͖̥̿̚. Pens. Pens. Pens. Pens.
Apples. Oranges. Pears. P̴̮̀l̴̛͎̮͑̊u̵͜͝m̸̲̬̲̐́͠s̵̺̆͋. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avocado. Tomato. B̴̠̄͋a̸̯͛̿̇n̸̞̹̈́͐a̶̻̽n̷͕̎̓̅ǎ̵̗̋ͅ. Papaya. Guava.
E̵̯̼̓͊ŗ̶͉̠̽̆͝r̵̺͙̚o̸̝̝̣͐͠ṙ̸̦̩. E̵̯̼̓͊ŗ̶͉̠̽̆͝r̵̺͙̚o̸̝̝̣͐͠ṙ̸̦̩. E̵̯̼̓͊ŗ̶͉̠̽̆͝r̵̺͙̚o̸̝̝̣͐͠ṙ̸̦̩. Fact not found.
Edmund Hillary, the first p̶͖̂̾̏e̵̪̱͂ͅr̶̮̋̐͝s̵̯͙̒͝o̷̮̝̚͠n̵͎͐ to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
In Victorian England, a c̴̭̾̇͂õ̴̠͙̲m̸̭̰͗m̸̡͙̩̓̏o̵̘͎̿͝ṉ̵̊͌̐e̷̯͘r̷̖̦͋͐͝ͅ was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ạ̴̾b̷̺̮̞̓͐̃i̴̧̛͚͖̓̏l̶͕͗̒͝i̴̞̅̋t̴͔̔̀̒ẏ̷̮̂ to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Ē̷͖͓̜a̸̦͗̕ȑ̵̘͚̒̽ṭ̴͎́h̴̻̓͆̓͜ every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, w̵̱̰͋͌͜͝h̷̭̫̰͂͊́ë̴͖̗́̆̽r̴͕̓̅e̸̢̯̬̓͂̄ it hibernates undisturbed.
The Schrödinger's c̶̨͙͇̓̋ä̵̟͕́̒t̶̻͒̀ paradox outlines a situation in which a c̶̥͕̒͆ä̶̘̯́͜t̵̗̝̜͛̏ in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrödinger created this paradox as a justification for killing c̶̩̰͉̆a̵̼̤̔͝t̴͖̅́s̶͕̔̓.
Cellular phones will n̵̯͓̒ͅo̸̱̲̦͆͠t̴̡̥̥̔̂̒ give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
Contrary to what Smashing Pumpkins would have you b̴͚̺̝͗ē̶̙̺̥̓l̷̡̻̬̒̌i̸̡͖͝ͅe̷̲̿̀̚v̸̨̙̭̇é̴̢̀, the world is a planet.
This is n̶̹͉͓̈́͘o̶̝̎̑ͅț̵̀ a fact.
You sound like ṭ̷͚̈̈́h̵̪̎͜ȋ̴͓̩̭͗̀s̷̨̜͑: FaCt SpHeRe TeLl Me A fAcT.
Bears are scared of b̷̯͖͔̀̍ȇ̴̟̥e̵̗͇͂̊̈t̷̝͖̺͊s̴̲̱͊.
Somebody once told me the ẉ̷̀̄ǫ̶̲̩̆̀̓r̶͍͆l̶̜̱̣̆̀͠d̴͎͇̊͋ was going to roll me.
Taco Bell is inferior to all o̵͔̞̘͝t̴̽̾̚͜h̷͈͔̓͗͝e̸̞̞̫̅r̵̲̯̾ forms of food.
Your head l̷̙̘͚̑o̸͓͈̼͠o̶̡̟͉͒͋͒k̵͔̄̑̇s̵̢͎̺̿ like an Avocado.